# hello-world
Hello world. Man, what a journey! So many mistakes and learning opportunities. I am determined to learn enough about contributions or job opportunities within this community to stop at nothing to use the power of community for accomplishments. I think I may have come here through a long and different path then most, and all in all it has led to so many discoveries about myself, my spirituality, and my commitment to legacy. I humbly am asking for help in this journey together. I am familiar with most enterprise basic understandings of how technology is deployed and made. I lack some basic understandings of commonly used acronyms and concepts. I want to start by apologizing for any and all disruptions I may have caused through my ignorance. i am determined to make them right. Guidance and community is what I seek on that adventure.
Adventure in this next chapter is a fluid concept to me at this moment. I have come to understand the world more these days, which has only led me to many more questions. However, I do have some serious projects that I am eager to learn if they can be relevant in this space, other passion projects that Ive been committed to for a very long time, more legacy projects that i hope to deploy passionate people to really take charge of them.
Passion partnering is really what I have been doing for decades. I have worked, thrived, failed and discovered so many different jobs and entrepreneurial opportunities that combined with my fractured education and commitment to lifelong learning has led me to an understanding and commitment to various projects that i need help with. I have been a person that delegates tasks my entire life. I cant type very well, I respond emotionally to my passions, I am a theologian at heart, an avid market analyst, a flawed and fractured human, a wonderful optimist and eternal humanitarian and a person with bad habits that I work on every day of my life. I will have a number of read-me's that explain various projects and maybe some more in depth personal writings in appropriate places. Please feel free to provide any and all feedback or criticism. I welcome growth and understanding.
